# A2FP_TransSiberianRefactoredChainsaw
Ain't that a bloody epic name?
Meldaria is a a top down rpg type game which aims to juxtapose the charm and the storytelling of the classic Zelda games within the mechanics of a classic like Mario. In it, you will control an adventurer as he travels through a series of levels fighting monsters on his way to complete a central story arch.
In it we will utilize inheritance classes to help construct the monsters along with the main character. Inheritance will also be employed when coding in items. We plan on having different armors, weapons, and consumables. Because of the abundance of items we will use a basic array as an inventory to store them. Most of these items will be found in chests or dropped by monsters. Gold or another form of money will also play a role in the game. One could potentially use it to purchase better items from NPCs along with upgrading one’s current gear. Other consumables will also be available to purchase. A crafting system may also be added however only after the core components are done.
Levels will be done through a linked list so that it will be possible to save at the start of each level. When saving the game will create a basic text file that has a numerical value that corresponds to a certain value along with an array detailing the items one has and their money.
The visualization of the levels, items, monsters, characters, and NPCs will be done in processing however we will use java for all other key algorithms. One large part is the creation of basic AI for monsters to follow as they attempt to attack the main character. Combat itself will be based around hitboxes. So if a monster touches or one of its more ranged attacks touches the character he will loose health. The same will happen if the character attacks the monster with their weapon. The character have a regular attack along with special abilities that correspond to the weapon they’re holding.
The other critical part of the game will also be boss battles. This will take a bit more skill as the character will also have to dodge moving projectiles. The projectiles will utilize the same hitbox mechanisms from regular character to monsters. One challenge will possibly be the execution of many operations without the development of lag. For this we hope to utilize optimized spawning and despawning algorithms so that events are not happening that do not pertain to the character.
We hope to also personalize the game with a bit of witty dialogue. All in all, we would like to produce a product that is both fun to play as a throwback to a simpler time in gaming. Something that plays upon the many great quarks of classic platformers to create a simple and fun game to play.  
